The ttfautohint library is copyrighted work and cannot be used legally
without a software license.  Since it is largely based on FreeType, the same
license conditions are used.

In order to make this project usable to a vast majority of developers, the
ttfautohint library is distributed under two mutually exclusive open-source
licenses.

This means that *you* must choose *one* of the two licenses described below,
then obey all its terms and conditions when using the ttfautohint library in
any of your projects or products.

 - The FreeType License, found in the file `FTL.TXT', which is similar
   to the original BSD license *with* an advertising clause that forces you
   to explicitly cite the ttfautohint library in your product's
   documentation.  All details are in the license file.  This license is
   suited to products which don't use the GNU General Public License.

   Note that this license is compatible to the GNU General Public License
   version 3, but not version 2.

 - The GNU General Public License version 2, found in `GPLv2.TXT' (any later
   version can be used also), for programs which already use the GPL.

In addition, as a special exception to both the FreeType (FTL) and GNU
General Public License (GPL), the copyright holder of ttfautohint gives you
unlimited permission to copy, distribute and modify the bytecode that gets
embedded in the fonts processed by ttfautohint.  You need not follow the
terms of the FTL or GPL when using or distributing such bytecode, even
though portions of the text of ttfautohint appear in them.  The FTL or GPL
(depending on your choice) does govern all other use of the material that
constitutes ttfautohint.

This special exception to the FTL and GPL applies to versions of ttfautohint
released by the copyright holder of ttfautohint.  Note that people who make
modified versions of ttfautohint are not obligated to grant this special
exception for their modified versions; it is their choice whether to do so. 
Both the FTL and the GPL give permission to release a modified version
without this exception; this exception also makes it possible to release a
modified version which carries forward this exception.

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------

The following files are distributed with the source bundle of the
ttfautohint library to configure and build the library with GNU tools, but
which aren't part of it due to a different license (GPL only).

  bootstrap
  bootstrap.conf
  m4/ltlize_lang.m4

All files of the following directories are distributed with the source
bundle of the ttfautohint library to configure and build the library with
GNU tools, but which aren't part of it due to a different license (GPL
only).

  gnulib

EOF
